Archive (#13)
mamba-org/quetz-client: README.md

# quetz-client

> **Archived:** The new `quetz-client` repository can be found here: https://github.com/conda-forge/quetz-client-feedstock/pull/6#event-8550176213.

Author: ```suggestion
**Archived:** The new `quetz-client` repository can be found [here](https://github.com/mamba-org/quetz-client).
```
